Change My Name: Shivali sisodiya
Change the color, black, and font ,shouldbemore stylish and bold
Remove the "Beauty" Category.
Link my social channels
In contact me page.. one image and create a box (See Mellisa)
my insta id: https://www.instagram.com/shiv__ali__/
My facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/shivalisisodiya11/
Please create the email id:



Post: Home page content
“stop procrastinating, stop worrying, just do whatever you need to do.

Work hard, get enough sleep, and learn to find meaning in everything you do”

I am Shivali Sisodiya, I was raised in Rajasthan, relocated to Gurgaon in order to work and follow my dreams. By profession I work with Hitachi, I had always been passionate about fashion, and over time I developed a style of my own, a sort of blend of pieces from chic, modern, and sophisticated lines. it is the huge thing but back then, every single person had a blog where they wrote about their lifestyle, what they ate, how stressed they were by workplace, I will write about a number of topics but specializes in beauty, fashion & lifestyle and travel.

The more I want to write blog, the more I want to reach into my own life for material, telling stories of my travels, describing my daily experiences, style and providing some beauty tips with my daily audience,

it was never my intention to do this as a career. BUT I am starting writing my blog as a platform to document my life and adventures. I KNOW It is a very hectic period to manage both.



All I need is your support, guidance and love to make my dream come true.



1st Blog Post:

Heading: POSTCARDS FROM MOUNTAINS
“Take me away. Take me away to a place above the clouds. A place of what paradise is to you.”

 

It was just perfect time of the day and sun was throwing a really beautiful light for the photos.

Here are some of the accidental shots which I captured with my phone on the Kufri Park. It was so bright and sunny that I was practically snapping away with my eyes closed, but the images turned out incredible and I thought they were definitely worth the documentation here.
I hope you love them as much as I do!

 

ABOUT THE LOOK

Since I live in Gurgaon, it never snows here, I really struggled packing for mountains. I don’t really have those big puffy jackets, mountain boots and stuff. You know winter in Delhi is pretty mild, sometimes I could go through whole winter in just a leather jacket.

 